Reply status code (#1892)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reply.md

### .code(statusCode)
If not set via `reply.code`, the resulting `statusCode` will be `200`.

<a name="statusCode"></a>
### .statusCode

> This property read and set the HTTP status code. It is an alias for `reply.code()` when used as a set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property reads and sets the HTTP status code. It is an alias for `reply.code()` when used as a setter.
```
